# Support data

* The `benchmarks-metadata` directory contains the official metadata of each
benchmark / project / bug extracted from the official benchmarks repositories.
For more information on this, check out the documentation in
[here](benchmarks-metadata/README.md).

* The `benchmarks-reproducibility` directory contains an attempt to reproduce
all bugs of all benchmarks under Java-7 and Java-8. For more information on
this, check out the documentation in
[here](benchmarks-reproducibility/README.md).

* The `patch-plausibility-java-7` and `patch-plausibility-java-8` directories
contain the data automatically generated by the patch plausibility analysis
under Java 7 and Java 8, respectively, for the patches publicity available in
[here](https://github.com/program-repair/RepairThemAll_experiment). In general,
for each patch, the patch plausibility analysis (1) checkouts the correspondent
bug, (2) compiles the bug, (3) applies the patch, and (4) runs the project's
test cases. Patch plausibility analysis of a bug produces the following metadata

```
benchmark_id/project_id/bug_id/repair_tool/seed/[java: either '7' or '8']
  /compile.log
  /test.log
  /all_tests.txt
  /failing_tests.txt
  /patch-plausibility.csv
```
where
* `compile.log` and `test.log` report all log messages.
* `all_tests.txt` lists all test cases (one per row) executed by the `test`
routine. The name of each test follows the following format:

```
--- <test class name>::<test case name>
e.g.,
--- org.apache.flink.compiler.BranchingPlansCompilerTest::testBranchingWithMultipleDataSinks2
```

* `failing_tests.txt` lists all test cases (one per row) executed by the `test`
routine that fail. The name of each test case follows the following format:

```
--- <test class name>::<test case name>
e.g.,
--- org.apache.flink.runtime.operators.sort.LargeRecordHandlerTest::testRecordHandlerSingleKey
```

* `patch-plausibility.csv` reports the plausibility status of each patch. The
file follows the following format:
```
benchmark,project,bug,tool,seed,java_version,checkout,apply,compile,test,num_all_tests,num_failing_tests,plausible
```
where
  1. benchmark: benchmark id
    * factor: "Bears", "Bugs.jar", "Defects4J", "IntroClassJava", or "QuixBugs"
  2. project: project id
    * factor, e.g., "Closure", "Maven", "INRIA−spoon"
  3. bug: bug id
    * factor, e.g., "19", "176912167-190405643"
  4. tool: tool id
    * factor: "Nopol", "DynaMoth", "NPEFix", "jGenProg", "jKali", "jMutRepair",
    "Cardumen", "ARJA", "GenProg-A", "RSRepair-A", "Kali-A"
  5. seed: random seed
    * numerical: 0 for all repair tools but DynaMoth, 7 for DynaMoth
  6. java_version: java version used to run the patch plausibility on
    * numerical: 7 for Java-7 or 8 for Java-8
  7. checkout: does the `checkout` routine successfully clone the project/bug?
    * numerical: 0, 1 (1 if the routine successfully clones the project/bug, 0
    otherwise)
  8. apply: does the `apply` routine successfully apply the patch to the bug's
  source code?
    * numerical: **NA** if checkout=0/NA; 0, 1 (1 if the routine successfully
    applies the patch, 0 otherwise)
  9. compile: does the `compile` routine successfully compile the project/bug?
    * numerical: **NA** if checkout=0/NA or apply=0/NA; 0, 1 (1 if the routine
    successfully compiles the project/bug, 0 otherwise)
  10. test: does the `test` routine successfully run the test cases?
    * numerical: **NA** if checkout=0/NA or apply=0/NA or compile=0/NA; 0, 1 (1
    if the routine successfully runs the test cases, 0 otherwise)
  11. num_all_tests: number of test cases
    * numerical: **NA** if checkout=0/NA or apply=0/NA or compile=0/NA or
    test=0/NA; >= 0 otherwise
  12. num_failing_tests: number of failing test cases
    * numerical: **NA** if checkout=0/NA or apply=0/NA or compile=0/NA or
    test=0/NA; >= 0 otherwise
  13. plausible:
    * numerical: **NA** if checkout=0/NA or apply=0/NA or compile=0/NA or
    test=0/NA; 0, 1 (1 if the patch is plausible, 0 otherwise)
